It is much, much worse to receive bad news through the written word than by somebody simply telling you, and I’m sure you understand why. When somebody simply tells you bad news, you hear it once, and that’s the end of it. But when bad news is written down, whether in a letter or a newspaper or on your arm in felt tip pen, each time you read it, you feel as if you are receiving the bad news again and again.



On behalf of the members of the Research & Scholarship Committee, thank you for submitting an application for this year's Research & Scholarship grants competition.

I’m sorry to report that your grant proposal was among those that were not approved for funding in the spring. With the reduction in grant funds caused by budget cuts and the record number of applications, I’m afraid that many worthwhile proposals could not be supported.

Although you did not receive a grant this year, I trust that you will continue to pursue both internal and external funding opportunities.

corona death toll rises to 400 in india.


If India doesn't release anti-malaria drug,there will be retaliation, says Trump.

World short of six million nurses, WHO says.
s
Italy daily coronavirus death toll rises to 636, but new cases fall sharply.

Coronavirus: Death toll in France increased by 10% in a day, says health minister.

Coronavirus: China faces new wave of Covid-19 infections as number of imported cases increases.

Forest fire breaks out near Chrrnobyl nuclear accident site radiation levels see spike.

Hyderabad sees bad air days, records higher AQI than Delhi.

Bad roads killed 266 in Chennai.

Huawei may have more 'bad news' for Google.

75000 Gujarat fisherman stay safe off the coast.

Gujarat: Extended monsoon to delay Gir kesar mango production.

Badly damaged road at Gundlapochampally.

Banks bad loans may rise again, warns RBI.

Google has 'bad news'for these Pixel smartphone owners.

In M.P there is very bad situation on road garbage.

Bank seek more time over bad loan classification.

Bank of Baroda reports Rs 2,250 crore NPA divergence.

SC: Fake news spurring migrant exodus worrying.

Bihar: Five of a family shot at in Bhojpur.

Nearly 3% of Mudra loans turn into bad loans.

Punjab and Sind Bank posts Rs 255 crore loss for Q3 as bad loans soar.

In Uttar Pradesh Lighting kills minor girl.

three arrested for spreading fake news on social media.

Lockdown in Kolkata Delivery continues , but food options shrink.

In just 2 days, fatality rate in Mumbai jumps from 4% to 6.5%.

In Bihar private doctor detained for isolation ward intrusion.

Drinks with added sugar is bad for heart.

Three from Tamil Nadu arrested for mobile theft.

Noida DM removed after Yogi  ADityanaath rap on corona strategy.

Heavy rains throw life out of gear in Bihar; Patna badly hit.

3 private moneylenders booked for hararssment in kolhapur.

Road been in bad plight for 3 months.

Chandigarh: Counsel feels court's in bad mood ,judge adjourns case.

30-year old man who killed elderly in Drug held from Ahmedadbad.

Flood bad news for residents, but Yamuna high on cleaniness meter.

Gaya civic body asks eateries to use LPG.

Waste from Jammat headquarters to be burnt at WTE plant.

Video of foresters firing blank shots at elephant goes viral.

Three minors detained for burglaries.

Eight villages sealed in Mohali, survey held ,118 samples taken.

Mumbai police register FIR against 150 Tablighi event attendees for negligence.

12 new cases taken in Karnataka's of coronavirus.

Rpaid testing to quicken detection rate in GOA.

Consumers complain of essenetials shortage in Hyderabad.

Prices of items fixed, shopkeepers warned of blackmarketting in Panchkula.

Thermal screening for Sector 26 mandi visitors.

Four new cases in a Mohali in a day.

Punjab lacks screening tests for police.

Coronavirus is also find in animals.

34 new cases in Pune, most close contacts of patients.

Even low levels of air pollution bad for heart.

4k kg adulterated Paneerv= seized from Bihar buses.

Mumbai biker crushed as bad roads claim second life in 3 days.

Bad news for tripplers as government hikes liquor prices in Punucherry.

Kollam:Safe home still too far for the family.

34 Covid-19 active cases in west Bengal.

50 foreign nationals who came to Karnataka after Delhi meet isolated.

Police impersonator beats man for venturing out.

Wife of major killed in J&K.

74 prisoners released on bail in Vishakahapatnam.

24 people who attended Delhi's Nizzamudin religious congrregation tests positive for Covid-19.

Building fire leads to breaking of lockdown in South Korea.

Water crisis adds to Madurai slums woes.

Eating red , processed meat bad for the heart.

Panipat: Shop ownwer kills himselfafter killing his wife and children.

3 more test cases are found in Noida.

Thousands of labourers stuck at Telangana border with no food.

Kerala man ends life after closure of liquor outlets. 





 

 

 



 


 



 

  